Hey, little brother
This is Master Xu of the Lun Sheng Group
Listen to me
Hurry up and sell this painting to Master Xu at the original price
I 300,000
Oops little brother
I finally found you.
A word from you
Saved our lives
Hey wait a minute
There is a bridge in front of the boss
Did we want it?
Why but
Dad?
You don't really believe what that liar said, do you?
Can you do that?
Can drive an extra half hour
Make way.
Hey Mr. Huang
Are you all right?
A long time has happened on the bridge we are going to cross
Mr. Huang, it is your blessing and life
The painting surnamed Huang was my first impression
Why do you want to rob me too?
Ah, this business is about your love and willingness
I didn't agree to sell the painting to you
Just want money
I have money
I 400,000
I 500,000
100,000 me out 700,000 Mr. Huang
700,000 forget it
This painting is only worth 300,000 can sell to you now
good boy
I remember you.
Yeah.
Hey little brother
I'm also angry about your name
My name is Li Yi
Feed your legs
Mr. Huang
What I have in my hands is an authentic and lonely one